alienware-cli -H black
alienware-cli -L black
sleep 5
alienware-cli -H red
sleep .5
alienware-cli -H magenta
sleep .5
alienware-cli -H blue
sleep .5
alienware-cli -H cyan
sleep .5
alienware-cli -H green
sleep .5
alienware-cli -H yellow
sleep .5
alienware-cli -H white
sleep .5
alienware-cli -L red
sleep .5
alienware-cli -L magenta
sleep .5
alienware-cli -L blue
sleep .5
alienware-cli -L cyan
sleep .5
alienware-cli -L green
sleep .5
alienware-cli -L yellow
sleep .5
alienware-cli -L white
sleep 2

alienware-cli -H yellow
sleep .5
alienware-cli -H green
sleep .5
alienware-cli -H cyan
sleep .5
alienware-cli -H blue
sleep .5
alienware-cli -H magenta
sleep .5
alienware-cli -H red
sleep .5
alienware-cli -H black
sleep .5
alienware-cli -L yellow
sleep .5
alienware-cli -L green
sleep .5
alienware-cli -L cyan
sleep .5
alienware-cli -L blue
sleep .5
alienware-cli -L magenta
sleep .5
alienware-cli -L red
sleep .5
alienware-cli -L black
sleep 2

alienware-cli -L red
alienware-cli -H green
sleep 1
alienware-cli -H red
alienware-cli -L green
sleep 1
alienware-cli -L red
alienware-cli -H green
sleep 1
alienware-cli -H red
alienware-cli -L green
sleep 1
alienware-cli -L blue
alienware-cli -H blue
sleep 5
alienware-cli -L black
alienware-cli -H black
